I can't believe this place reopened used
to be my favorite place to go when I was
a kid but then there was the bite of 87
okay some from what mike has told me the
doors um run on power
maybe they improve that let's try it
what what why don't they close why don't
the doors close before you throw a
temper tantrum I'm going to say remove
the doors and we blew all our money on
it yeah well yeah we need to make the
place look um kid-friendly and door you
can defend yourself just put on this
mask one when one of them comes near and
then you'll be safe all right see you
tomorrow
bye say in the morning I'm going to go
ahead and call bolt how they expect me
to not throw temper tantrum without any
doors now I'm gonna have a huge temper
tantrum
Oh later okay now that that's over let's
check the cameras okay so these are my
friends and these are not my friends and
so the night begins check cams check
life repeats everything's fine
nothing is happening what do you mean I
can't join you guys look Scott has an
interval partly in the game yet and we
need to take care of his animatronics
right now so I'm please go away
look we got this we're programmed for it
okay goodbye
findin I guess I'm one news later oh
yeah I'm sweating out of my butt right
now wow that one's win that one is in um
I mean who everybody I'm free Fosbury
whoo-hoo-hoo
okay she's gone now
just get in here okay that's one dad and
three more to go
huh I must be hallucinating later huh
I'm fine yeah I feel like it's coming
from inside the office did he just call
me dumb okay old foxy has been put to
sleep and Ola phone I wonder what it's
doing here will you be old keep hearing
that laughs why's it do this to me what
just happened okay chicken cams Park
Service's kid's cove what
what no no turn back on turn back on
please what it's over what I can't find
any of my friends old or new I guess
I'll call them
it's this the powers not out she must be
in the kitchen still not okay let's try
this hips that laughs that curseth what
was that you made a terrible choice of
not letting me join you
look I'm just following orders by fast
burn entertainment is that too much for
you to take in did you revenge in those
jerks to us Claire it really really did
screw this job I'm out it feels so good
to finally be Oh No oh heck no oh yeah
okay you know what that's it that's it
smoke weed every day